                 AIM Independent Resource Benchmark - Suite IX

OVERVIEW
Although a computer system has many different components, many benchmarks test
a system as a whole and provide only one performance measurement. 

The AIM Independent Resource Benchmark exercises and times each component of a
UNIX computer system, independently. The benchmark uses 58 subtests to generate
absolute processing rates, in operations per second, for subsystems, I/O
transfers, function calls, and UNIX system calls. 

Test results can be used to compare different machines on a test-by-test basis
or to measure the success or failure of system tuning and configuration changes
on a single system. This benchmark yields specific results on a per-test basis.

LICENSE
This software is distributed under the GNU General Public License - see the
accompanying COPYING file for more details.

SUPPORTED OPERATING SYSTEMS
This software was designed to run properly on any POSIX-compliant operating
system. An ANSI C compiler is required.

DOCUMENTATION
The original AIM documentation has been restored from a printed copy. The
original document was scanned, OCR'ed, edited for contents and converted
manually into HTML format. The base document is "doc/main.html."

INSTALLATION
Please refer to the INSTALL file.

TRADEMARKS
"AIM Benchmark" and "Hot Iron Awards" are trademarks of Caldera
International, Inc. (Caldera) in the USA and other countries. Caldera allows
use of "AIM" and "AIM Benchmarks" when presenting performance results, but
places restrictions on this to promote comparability of results and avoid
confusion. Results presented using the terms "AIM" and "AIM Benchmark" must be
obtained with an official version of the benchmark, as designated by Caldera,
using one of the standard distributed workload mixes. No right or license is
granted hereunder to use the Caldera trademarks for modified benchmark versions
or for other purposes without the prior written permission of Caldera. Should
you need to contact Caldera about that topic, please e-mail
aimbench@sourceforge.net.

"UNIX" is a trademark of the The Open Group.

